About Us
Welcome to

Neuro Cardio & Multispeciality Hospital Pvt. Ltd.

The goal of Neuro Cardio & Multispeciality Hospital is to provide curative, preventive & promotive health service with efficiency, effectiveness & assurance within the context of equality & social justice. Neuro Hospital believes that, it has all the ingredients to achieve the goal. This would help invaluable input in teaching the medical students on modern concept of hospital care besides providing good health services to the community.

Neuro Hospital is a well equipped and state-of-the-art hospital having one of the best standards and quality of care in the management of patients. It comprises of mainly neurological sciences along with other allied sciences.

The division of Neurosurgery provides 24 hours emergency surgical and nonsurgical management of patients along with elective surgery for tumors of the CNS, pediatric disorders and neurovascular surgery. Microsurgery with the use of operation microscope facilitates the preservation of vital structures and ensures satisfactory tumor removal by providing better lightning and magnification of the operative field. The operating theatre in Neuro Hospital is equipped with the Moller-Wedel microscope from Germany, the NSK operating Drill (Japan) and other advanced instruments for patient monitoring and management. The ICU is also equipped with state of the art intracranial pressure (ICP) monitoring system, blood gas analyzer and advanced vitals monitor. We thus can manage all the neurosurgical subspecialties for the various diseases encountered in the local population.



-----------------------------------


Our Mission
Service to humanity is the most important aspect of Neuro Hospital in the healthcare service of the Eastern Region of Nepal. At Neuro Hospital, these are the integral part of our mission, to which each member of our team go hand in hand to achieve the committed goal. To be innovative & comprehensive healthcare organization, that cares sick & relatives the suffering by providing quality cost effective services to improve the health of our community.

-----------------------------------

Quality & Policy
Commitment to excellence in providing Quality Health by experts and professional teamwork in human, compassionate & caring environment, through continual improvement & technological upgradation, ensuring maximum satisfaction & good health for the patients

-----------------------------------


Future Plans
Sleep Lab
Cerebral Palsy Center
Open Heart Surgery
Diabetes Treatment Center
Neuro Rehabilitation Centre
Gynecology & IBF Service
Oncology
Residential Geriatric Hospital (Old Age Rehab Centre)




-----------------------------------



Mrs. Anisha Bista
Executive Director


Message from Executive Director
Our vision to serve humanity through the domain as sensitive as health service is so absolute but at the same time, the resources to make it happen such as the collaboration & management of expert consultants, human resources, infrastructure, and latest technology is too challenging in Nepal context especially outside the capital. Despite all these challenges & risks, our only mission here is to move forward stepping one after another hurdle to build a healthy society through health awareness, prevention, and care.



-----------------------------------

Dr. Birendra Kumar Bista
Patron, Managing Director & Consultant Neurologist

Message from Managing Director
  We are always concerned & initialized towards building healthy society by providing Qualitative and international standard of health care service at local level with ease and convenience. Our only one vision on this uninterrupted journey is to serve humanity through health care.

